# bitcoin-balance-checker
Tool checks balances for massive amount of addresses

You can use this tool using the two address lists generated by my other tool which is very useful: https://cracked.to/pruned

* Create a .txt file named "list-addresses" and replace the directory sample file. Or edit the existing file with your Bitcoins Addresses, 1 per line, or use the two files generated .

* You can now run the code with: *python bitcoin-mass-generator-checker.py*

# RESULTS

Whenever a Address with balance is found, you will hear 3 beeps of the bell sound, it is an alert that you can deactivate if you wish, just change the value True to "False" in line 21 of the source code.



Ps: The 10 most valuable (old) bitcoin addresses in history were used as an example to be checked.


The output is a file *addresses-with-balance-yay.txt*

This file contains all Bitcoin Addresses in which balance was found in the scan.

It is sorted by Address and the balance just ahead already formed in the default Bitcoin unit.

If you need any support, just contact me.  https://cracked.to/pruned

If this helped you, please leave a tip. BTC Address: 1PH3qdJnVU7X3qyrHuq2jo9BmkCwL3tBDq
Use at your own risk. I am not responsible for any use.


 Checker bitcoin Generator PRIVATE KEY and Bitcoin address MASS check Balance

                                                                              [hide] https://mega.nz/#F!qptnSIRL!xEzlQqzlxa4TKozRROUrzg [/hide]

Find bitcoin that are lost on blockchain and from ppl that have used low password ! Be a milionare in one night 
If you find any BTC or need help further to move them dont hesitate to write me .


1 Go to http://bip32.org/ and generate one bip32 with your idea (ex : password , blochain, bitcoin )  COPY BIP32 Extended Key

2 Open Terminal on linux navigate to file bitcoin-mass-generator-by-pruned
and paste your bip32 on this form:   export BIP32_DERIVED_KEY=xprv9s21ZrQH143K29eFRR5yMvv3ueUnwJxQQTcd5uxTfKBNKCZL1qD1NQ4xDVRecKkuJLQPWar68CnDA5MXWV9UUda1WcYLWDkQM7Hgw7oUVnR

3.  INSTALL NODE.JS   with this command   : apt-get install nodejs

4  Write the command  :   node generate_addresses.js > list-addresses.txt 
so you generate the bitcoin adresess from the Bip32 that we got earlier , the adreses will be on list-addresses.txt 

5. Open  list-addresses.txt    delete  SPACE   on TOP and on BOTTOM   ( so the generator can read the addresses )

6.go to file generate_key  and replace the xprv that you crated on step 2
var privKey = process.env.BIP32_PRIV || "xprv9s21ZrQH143K2Nps9oQ3xCuPLrCy2BfJ6uY.........................";

7.now need to install python if you dont have it try with this command : apt-get install python

8.write the command :   python bitcoin-mass-generator-checker.py

9 HORAY  click on file addresses-with-balance-yay.txt to see the address that have BITCOIN Balance 


As i was able to do it  YOU CAN DO IT TOO   GL 
For donation                           ---------------->                      BTC                ------------   1PH3qdJnVU7X3qyrHuq2jo9BmkCwL3tBDq 



​​​​​​​